You'd better tell me the truth
Okay, okay
Or you'll suffer more than Zhao Qihai
I'll talk, I'll talk
It's my first time in a place like this
So many people
Hey, can't you be more careful?
Sorry about that
Sorry
I bumped into you
Are you okay?
Your clothes are wet
It's fine
It's not fine
To show our apologies
We'll give you a chance to buy us a drink
This guy is quite handsome
Seems I can't really refuse
Drink here?
No
This way, please
Hello, open a tab for me over there
You met at the nightclub?
Yes
Was it also your first time meeting Di Fu?
Yes, yes
There are too many handsome guys tonight
But let me tell you
Men who come to bars
Never have pure intentions
Like this type
Drinking alone at the bar
Dressed in a suit
And handsome to boot
Is just like merchandise
Displaying themselves high on the shelf
The goal is very simple
Take a girl home tonight
For a one-night stand
You shouldn't say things like that
Mr. Fang looks like
An expert in this field
Don't be modest
Niannian
Do you know what kind of woman is scariest?
Tell me
It's the kind
Who thinks she is very smart
You mean me?
I don't deny it
That's just how I am
I am smart
I think I'm super smart
Handsome
I'm stepping away for a bit
Hey, don't mind her.
She just likes to joke around.
But Niannian,
I really need to explain this to you.
I was called here by my friend...
...my colleague.
Male colleague or female colleague?
It doesn't matter if it's a man or woman, right?
Right?
Even if it were a woman,
I'd never date someone close to home.
So is it a man or someone close to home?
A man.
By the way,
what do you do?
What kind of work do you do?
We work on software...
...social app development.
Our app is called Peipei.
It's a free one...
I actually use Peipei.
Really?
You guys developed it?
To be exact, I developed it.
That's impressive.
No, not really.
It's my first time meeting a software guru.
Come on, we must add each other as friends.
Your nickname is just the letter N.
Does it have any meaning?
This N...
like X,
it represents an unknown variable.
It makes it seem mysterious.
How mysterious?
Well...
that might require...
...you to explore it yourself.
But it might take a long time.
You're quite slick.
No, no.
Come on, let's drink, let's drink.
You deceived her! You toyed with her feelings!
I didn't.
And in the end, you killed her, didn't you?
No, Auntie, I didn't.
Auntie Ma.
Let him finish speaking.
Yes, yes, Auntie, let me finish.
I haven't finished yet, Auntie.
Don't hold anything back.
Drink more if you can.
Have fun.
I'm going to the restroom.
Let me ask you a question.
What question?
Between me and Niannian...
...who do you like more?
Huh? What?
I'm asking you, me or Niannian, who do you choose?
You're both so outstanding.
How am I qualified to choose?
I really hate...
...ambiguous answers like yours.
I mean, if the two of us...
...and you really had to pick one...
...who would you pick?
Come on, say it.
When Niannian comes out in a bit...
...it'll be so awkward if she hears.
Well, if I say it...
...don't get mad.
Forget it, don't say it. It's awkward.
Is everyone full? Let's go home.
Why go home?
We rarely get to hang out together.
Come on, let's continue.
Um...
Why are you here?
I'm asking you.
You brought me here.
Answer it.
Hello?
It's me. Are you okay?
I'm fine.
What could happen to me?
We drank too much last night.
You left your handbag at my place.
Your computer is inside.
I don't know how I brought it back.
Who is it? Is it Niannian?
Is someone there with you?
No.
I'm watching TV.
The computer is quite important to me.
How about I come get it from you?
No problem. Let's meet somewhere.
Or I can bring it to you now.
No need.
You just slept with me.
Now you're going to see my best friend?
You want to two-time?
No.
Better not be.
Otherwise I won't let you off.
I'm done drinking.
I have work at the company.
I have to go back soon.
Fine.
Since you're busy,
then go back first.
This place is good for zoning out.
I want to stay a while longer.
Then I'm leaving.
Hello.
Sir.
A black coffee.
Okay.
By the way,
living alone,
is it very free?
Yes.
I've certainly achieved "overtime freedom".
But working hard for a dream is worth it.
Unlike me, muddling along every day.
The only way out I can think of now
is to learn livestreaming from Di Fu.
You have such good qualities,
you will definitely become a big hit.
Really?
My mom is very strict with me.
She still opposes me doing this.
That's normal.
Elders these days,
need time to accept new things.
You should talk to Auntie more.
Just communicate more.
I know it wasn't easy for her to raise me alone.
But I don't know why,
whenever we speak, we fight.
Maybe it's my own problem.
No.
Young people all have this problem.
Always leaving the best side for outsiders,
and the worst side...
accurately speaking,
leaving the worst temper for the closest people.
Being cruel to those we love most
is a flaw of modern people.
So I've always had a wish growing up,
to find a partner faithful for life,
simple and happy.
Is my wish a bit childish?
No.
Not childish at all.
You will definitely find one.
Actually I...